As you probably know, Arvid has
and his gang of pests and lizards -
- robbed me of my hands.
And Jarl Varg looks like that
a challenge and not a problem.
Or as two challenges, then.
And this blacksmith has made
new dentures for me. These.
Delete crafts.
Does not meet goals at all.
I want dentures
which is better than hands.
I want dentures that give me benefits both in daily life and in conflict.
I've really tried my best,
- but we're writing year 791, and that's it
far we have come in the metal business.
You are Norway's best blacksmith.
The one who manages to make
the best dentures will be rich.
Incredibly rich.
The rest should suffer this fate:
No, no, grace!
No, please! Grace!
Don't do this! I have family.
I have children. Show grace!
No!
All right ... It shouldn't happen,
but it has happened.
Now I will learn from this.
I'll go through my routines.
I should have had some birch necks
or some dry grass or something.
It was a bit silly, then.
Poor taiming.
I got it when I tried
earlier today, you saw it.
I think the twigs have become raw.
Now? No, nothing comes ...
No, it won't.
It's just a lament.
Join me on a journey!
Close your eyes -
- and see for yourself that it is burning
just the rascal here!
The flames lick up the body
to the miserable blacksmith.
Help Resolved
he throws his head back and forth -
- and screams in pain and fear.
The devouring screams of pain are silent.
When the flames dance is done, stand
just a mute, charred statue again.
Now you can open your eyes.
Do you see that?
The images you create in your head,
are often the strongest.
These mental pictures
motivates you to work harder -
- so I can get some
proper dentures. For work!
Cause of death?
I think - the boulder.
And the subject
I'll tip is the map.
-Must be.
-Yes maybe.
It's not so much else
they could have been looking for.
-They?
- Impossible to say if he or she is.
So that's a more correct term to say
"over" so as not to step on any toes.
I wonder who's behind it.
Unless they wanted the map themselves.
Jarl Varg. He always has
been sucked on that map.
But he said we were fine.
-Hi.
It was cool that the fella worked.
Should not be easy
to steal maps here in the yard.
No.
I think the break stuff is shit.
Can't we make a dash?
It does not matter
if Life is back.
I've had real shit.
Haven't slept either.
-Not since that - the break.
-Neither do I.
-Haven't you?
- Or yes, but it doesn't feel that way.
But I haven't eaten since.
Just yesterday. Then I was so hungry.
You ... Can't we just
say it's us two?
You and I ...
But we still can
raped for looting?
Of course.
Is sailor a foreign word
for you guys?
Sorry, but the master thief like
should get hold of the map, was killed.
Crushed like an insect.
-So the plan failed?
- You can safely say that.
Diaphragmatic.
Temple.
Yes, it was better.
Nice to ease the pressure.
Would you like some porridge,
by the way?
-No.
-I love porridge!
-Arvid!
-What do you think you're doing?
-Arvid, is this what you want?
-I do not know ...
Is it really that? That your own
son to grow up in a tent?
Thrown out of his own father
because he didn't have enough testicles -
- to stand up
against his wicked witch?
-No, now you have to be a little careful.
-Arvid.
You must choose:
To continue life with a son -
- who wants nothing else
than your love -
- or if you want to throw him out
lonely and abandoned -
- forever without hope,
without future.
This is your decision, Arvid.
The most important thing you are going to take.
But we sort of decided, then.
Liv believes that ...
Or I mean ...
Or both
as a team thinks so.
-It was a lot of hormones.
-Loke, ass.
What is it? Oh ...
There you are. You almost didn't know
again without the head dripping with urine.
-It's mature, Hildur.
-Tiss-poop-fart-joke.
-That's a real low goal.
- Humor is subjective.
It's not humor with meaning.
It kicks down.
To your information
then I feel offended.
Anyway, I need a rabbit,
a sack and a bowl.
Yes, and I need acceptable
sanitary conditions, challenging lyrics -
- and anything but sub-humans.
I don't blame others for that.
Rufus and Orm, you are slaves. And I
need a rabbit, a sack and a bowl.
If it doesn't whip your wallet,
and I mean that literally.
You are literally!
It is said that the first thing to smoke,
is the fine motor.
Much possible.
Look at me. Can't even handle it
to drown defenseless kittens.
Pathetic.
Anyone can walk around with it
hands. It is the easiest in the world.
Small children have hands.
That's when you don't have hands,
that new things arise.
That's when it gets exciting.
-Stop spanking!
-Sorry.
-Was there anything special you wanted?
-Yes.
Arvid is smarter than I thought.
I've been trying to take the map by force.
I've tried cunning.
It's time to play
the last card: treachery.
We're talking about a man inside.
Treason.
Hello!
There you are, yes.
-Hi, Orm.
- I'll take a hug, me.
Yes ...
No socialization today either?
-A pretty tame bunch, Kvark.
-Everyone is totally worn out.
Other ties are made
when meeting in another setting.
-Maybe another day.
-Yes we must.
I'm not going to give up sooner
everyone sits around a fire and grills.
It sounds great.
I am looking forward already.
-Yeah, night then, Karkers.
- Night, Orm. Natta, Rufus.
Seriously?
After-work mead without me?
Although I was the driver myself
for just this?
No, this is totally random.
I just woke up and had to pee.
-Yeah, just had to vent the spike.
-I air the beard steak.
Then it became a spontaneous thing.
But that's the spontaneous thing
which will be the most fun.
Because then you have low expectations.
So just sprinkle salt in the wound
to say it was a spontaneous thing.
Sorry.
My best friend and workmate
sneaks out in this way.
We are almost blood brothers.
Either you are blood brothers,
or not.
You know what? Do you know why we don't
take you on social activities?
-No, I have no idea.
- I'll tell you.
We must listen to the dull ones
your fables and anecdotes.
-My anecdotes are interesting!
-No, they are not!
No one here is interested in hearing about
your dreams. It's boring.
All of you, especially Kark, -
- has hurt me more than anyone
has hurt any other person.
-I'm sorry.
- After a long and strenuous journey -
- then you have reached the top of the wound.
Climbed highest in the wound tree.
You have blown up the wound scale, and I
hope you are incredibly proud of it.
Orm, listen here. Sit down,
participate in the community.
-It's a little rotten leg for you here.
-No no no. It's too late.
To be banned by those who are
at the bottom of the ranking ladder -
- the subhuman ...
No, it is too late.
Too late.
It just got totally wrong, this.
Now I hope you are satisfied.
I gave birth in the forest alone.
But before I got hold
the little Prince, -
- then a wolf came
and nip it with them.
What if it was my son?
Was it a little chubby boy, or?
A corpulent baby?
-Sway back?
-Thanks for the support.
Tipper Tor and Odin are satisfied.
-Yes, do you think so?
- Mr. Tor, Arvid. It was irony.
-I've never heard of it.
-It's a new language tool.
You're going to end up in disarray too
having taken the life of a chieftain's son.
Especially you, Liv.
As the driver
for this baby killing.
No.
Sorry I have
brought you here by force.
-What?
-Whatever. Orm ...
-We have a common enemy.
-Kark?
No. Arvid keeps you away
your rightful throne.
And me away
my rightful map.
You mean we
can do something about it?
I don't know ... Arvid has become
so powerful, so it's a little risky.
Sometimes you just have to let go
shield and attack with both hands.
Meet here at the next full moon.
We will give you everything you need
so we can win.
Excellent.
Right?
Absolutely excellent.
But ...
Hello?
I see you guys.
I saw you took the robe!
Yes.
Yes, it was ...
I have a big news.
I'll be chief again.
Chief?
And I have big plans for you too.
But first you have to join me
and do something cruel.
I'm in - on one condition.
That I know at the very first opportunity
may go back to Rome.
Yes, folks, then we have
only three blacksmiths left.
I hope you can cough up some
better dentures than the bunch here.
Nestemann out is a blacksmith
which has come all the way from Vestfold.
I do not know
what has been made before, -
- so it's like shooting from the hip.
But people in Vestfold were impressed.
It.
Then you can eat as usual.
And this one
works like a regular hand.
Only with slightly stiffer fingers?
-Next.
-You can go first.
-You've been here before, have you?
-Yes.
It didn't go so well, did it?
-Hope you have prepared better now.
-Yes, I'm very happy myself.
Yes. Yes ...
I want to show something groundbreaking.
May I present:
dentures in three dimensions.
Next.
The blunt if I have to pray.
It is fantastic.
This feels very good.
Good design -
and they hide a secret.
secrets,
shadow games and puzzles. Perfect!
There you are, yes.
I've been crying together
a pretty waterproof plan.
Is there something wrong, or?
Do I have anything between my teeth?
Thanks for last. We got
after all, not saying goodbye.
You don't remember, do you?
Seriously?
-Just drop the mask game. Drop it.
-What are you talking about?
-You came inside me.
- Inside you? I think you mix ...
Do you remember better now, then?
"Yes, come on, come on" ...
No no no ...
No.
Torstein. Let me share
some life wisdom with you -
- which turns upside down
the feelings you are experiencing now.
It is not the genitals themselves
you fall in love, but the person.
You do not get emotions
for the fungal body or vulva.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
You just have to learn the art
to give them to you. Accept the feelings.
In no time what we did,
accepted in Norway.
-Someone has to go ahead.
- Not us.
It fits behind like a sword in a sheath.
It can't be a coincidence.
Wait ... I know exactly
what you are going to say.
But the timing is not right.
It can't be the two of us. Not now.
We have a job to do.
If you can keep quiet a couple
minutes, then we go through the plan.
Come on ...
(It knocks.)
Yes?
-Orm. Can I help you with something?
-You are a skilled warrior.
But you have a weakness. You are
allergic to wasps. Is that right?
That allergy
is my big Achilles heel.
How species
the allergy itself so specifically?
One wasp sting can lead to strong
reactions, at worst death.
-So, yes.
-Why are you interested in it?
No special reason.
Are you still determined that I
should be slave for the rest of your life?
Yes, nothing can change that.
Then I wonder if
not your journey ends here, i.
Travel?
No no no!
No! No!
(A bang from inside.)
Do your thing.
Up with the shield ...
Arvid! Something has happened
legislator. He hardly breathes.
-What's up people?
- The legislator is hurt.
-Isn't he dead?
-What? No.
-No, so good.
-Yes.
-Didn't you make sure he was dead?
- That was not my mandate.
Come!